The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
The world is moved not only by the mighty shoves of the heroes but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker.
No pessimist ever discovered the secret of the stars or sailed an uncharted land, or opened a new doorway for the human spirit.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them, but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it.
I am only one, but still I am one. I cannot do everything, but still I can do something; and because I cannot do everything, I will not refuse to do something that I can do.
It's wonderful to climb the liquid mountains of the sky. Behind me and before me is God and I have no fears.
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
I believe in the immortality of the soul because I have within me immortal longings.
It is not possible for civilization to flow backward while there is youth in the world. Youth may be headstrong, but it will advance its allotted length.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
I can see, and that is why I can be happy, in what you call the dark, but which to me is golden. I can see a God-made world, not a man-made world.
What we once enjoyed and deeply loved we can never lose, for all that we love deeply becomes part of us.
We would never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
The marvelous richness of human experience would lose something of rewarding joy if there were no limitations to overcome. The hilltop hour would not be half so wonderful if there were no dark valleys to traverse.
No pessimist ever discovered the secret of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new doorway for the human spirit.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
I am only one, but still I am one. I cannot do everything, but still I can do something; and because I cannot do everything, I will not refuse to do something that I can do.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes but also by the aggregate of tiny pushes of each honest worker.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
